2018.1:
 * Version 2.4
 * Bug Fix: Updated OOBFC RTL for RX CRC issue on board
 * Feature Enhancement: Added .h file for AXI4-register map details for
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 2.3
 * No changes

2017.3:
 * Version 2.3
 * Feature Enhancement: CR
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated for IPI board assistance support for vcu118 board

2017.2:
 * Version 2.2
 * Feature Enhancement: GTWIZ LOCATE USERE DATA WIDTH changed to Example design when GT in example design
 * Feature Enhancement: CR
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated GTWIZ version from 1.6 to 1.7

2017.1:
 * Version 2.1
 * Port Change: gt_refclk_out port added when shared logic is inside the core configurations
 * Feature Enhancement: CR fixes
 * Feature Enhancement: ZynqultraScale plus RFSoc support added

2016.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Port Change: gtwiz_reset_tx_datapath and gtwiz_reset_rx_datapath ports made visble for all configurations
 * Feature Enhancement: CR fixes

2016.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Port Change: Ports added for GT out of IP
 * Feature Enhancement: GT outside the IP
 * Feature Enhancement: IPI and designer assistance support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added 25 Line rate support for Ultra Scale Plus -2lV speed grade devices

2016.2:
 * Version 1.10
 * Retransmission enabled in GUI for ultrascale plus devices

2016.1:
 * Version 1.9
 * Retransmission enabled in GUI
 * Both QPLL0 and QPLL1 support for GT DRP
 * Added ability to change initial clock frequency
 * Improved shared logic option
 * Support for the clocking and reset logic wrappers outside the core when shared logic is in example design
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.8
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.8
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.8
 * OOBFC constraints updated and included OOBFC generator and monitor
 * Added kintex095 ffva1156 package support
 * Added Zynq Ultrascale plus devices support

2015.3:
 * Version 1.7
 * AXI4-Lite support added for control and status
 * GTWIZ version is updated to 1_6
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Updated the port names for the reset ports
 * CLKWIZ version is updated to 5_2
 * Added support for UltrascalePlus devices
 * Kintex095 device new parts support added
 * OOBFC feature enabled back

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.6
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.6
 * Example design Code optimization
 * 3.125G lane rate support for all the lanes from 1 to 12
 * DISABLE SKIP WORD and BYPASS MODE options added in GUI Tab-I
 * Rate Limiter GUI option enabled in GUI Tab-2

2015.1:
 * Version 1.5
 * LANE 1 support for all the lane rates
 * OOBFC 32,64 and 20148 calendar length support with 12 Lanes
 * Burstshort all the possible values support for all the BURSTMAX values

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.4 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated latest ultrascale devices/packages support
 * Multiple IBFUDS instantiated and added differential clocl pin pairs when Lane_rate > 16.375 Gb/s as per UG578

2014.4:
 * Version 1.4
 * Different Lane rates with all number of lane combiantions from 2 to 12
 * Error Injection test case addition
 * Support for XCVU160 and XCVU190 devices
 * Added core_drp_reset port

2014.3:
 * Version 1.3
 * GT group selection in GUI tab-3
 * Auto filling of best and possible GT locations for the selected ILKN core in GUI tab-3
 * Packet Gen/Mon updated with burst mode
 * Licensing the ILKN core
 * BURSTSHORT values supports 64,96 and 128 only due SW limitation
 * Supporting different reference clock options for GT

2014.2:
 * Version 1.2
 * ILKN core selection from GUI tab-3
 * Auto filling of best possible GT locations for the selected ILKN core in GUI tab-3
 * GTH Implementation Support
 * GTY Implementation Support

2014.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * GTH Implementation on XCVU095-FFVD1924 device without bitstream support. This is due to the timing information not being accurate; designs may fail timing
 * GTY simulation only
 * Lane rates supported 12x12.5G, 6x25G
 * Synchronous / Asynchronous Clocking mode
 * MetaFrame 256 upto 8192
 * OOBFC for different calendar lengths
 * IBFC for different calendar lengths
 * Shared Logic in core / example design
 * XSIM / Questa (10.2a) / VCS (H-2013.06-sp1) / IES (12-20.016)

2013.4:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial release
 * 12 x 12.5Gbps supported
 * Note - This core is released for simulation only. Hardware implementation is not supported with this release

(c) Copyright 2013 - 2018 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
